so write function findSteps which takes the number
of stairs n as the parameter
And it returns the result which will be an individual
now declared the integer array steps of size n
plus one and the iterating variable iw
Now we need to write the base case steps of
one equal to one and steps of two equal to
two
Now when n is greater than or equal to three we
need to calculate total number of ways by using previous
two results
So write a for loop for i equal to three I
less than or equal to n
I plus plus and in each iteration findSteps of
I equal to steps of I minus one plus steps
of I minus two and the final answer will be
stored in steps of N so we can return steps
of N.